Four Little Warriors - Wiimote Demo
-----------------------------------

Requirements:
* Wiimote and Nunchuk
* compatible Bluetooth adapter 
* fast PC to avoid laggy controls

Startup:
 Make sure Wiimote is connected properly with the PC. If your bluetooth
 stack cannot find the Wiimote, refer to the manual of your stack or
 try a different brand. For a compatibility list check out: 
 http://www.wiili.org/index.php/Compatible_Bluetooth_Devices
 
 Don't disconnect the Wiimote or Bluetooth dongle while playing.
 Start the game with "-d wiimote". Wiimote will be activated 
 automatically. For the game rules and more please check the manual.
 This is only a small reference for controlling the game with 
 the Wiimote.

Navigating in menues:
 The Wiimote buttons are mapped to keyboard buttons.
 A -> Enter
 B -> Esc
 Keypad -> Cursor keys

Selecting player:
 Use +/- buttons of Wiimote to select player you wish to control.
 The selected player is indicated by the LEDs of the Wiimote.
 To activate a player, press the HOME button.
 You can now use the Wiimote's keypad for navigation.
 Press HOME again to finish character selection.

Playing the game:
 Use the analog stick of Nunchuk to navigate.
 Normal attack is done by slashing from up to down.
 Special attack is triggered by slashing from right to left.
 For blocking turn the Nunchuk so that c and Z button show
 towards sky and the analog stick points towards you.
 
 Note: Gestures are not detected all that well yet. Don't move
 the Wiimote to hastily, otherwise moves won't be detected.
 
Problems:
* Detection of downward slashes is very fussy
* currently only single Wiimote supported 
* Since this is an experimental hack, original controls are not disabled
  when playing with Wiimote.
* Turning the Nunchuk doesn't seem to work that good while playing,
  maybe the block activation will be changed to another gesture.


Wiimote plugin is based on cWiimote source by Kevin Forbes.
I had some more help from ChrisB to get it to work.

"Wiimote" and "Nunchuk" are properties of Nintendo.